Then we'll have to see
Who died?
Jinchen, go away
Mr. Jiang is a big shot we can't afford to offend
Xu Hao is Jiang Ye's man again
Master Jiang will definitely turn to him
You can't gamble with your life
Good to know
It must be a general sea, I am not at ease
Trash, you're just stubborn
Let you play tricks again
Wait for Master Jiang to come
You and your historians are just waiting for the cover
Xu Shao
This has nothing to do with us.
It's all done by him alone
Please, my lord, spare us a lot
I told you so.
Or if you don't marry
Or give him to Master Jiang to play for two days
Make this trash kneel and apologize
Did you hear the trash?
Make you kneel and apologize
Kneel now
I also said let me kneel
Don't say it's you
Even if Jiang Zhen called, it was not qualified
Okay, then I'll see how crazy you are
You go fast
It's too late if you don't go, go away
Who is behind it, not me Jiang Zhenghai?
Lord Jiang
I'm dead
This is the person who said rude things to you
And he hit me.
Kneel down quickly when you see Master Jiang